README.md, before:

# The Dance Thread

This is the prototype of The Dance Thread a social platform where dancers can find the lates information about social dance events, create and advertise their own event or simply connect with other dancers.

## To do

- [ ] Edit user.
- [ ] Delete user.
- [ ] Sanitize data.
- [ ] Add a home page explore events and create event options.
- [ ] Style the header.
- [ ] Add css styles for mobile version
- [ ] Refactor event page to fetch all the events at once.
- [ ] Cache events on client side to avoid sending the request to the server too often.
- [ ] Add google map.
- [ ] Show avatar after login.
- [ ] Handle protected routes properly.
- [ ] Reload event components on event update.
- [ ] Prevent opening delete user and delete event at the same time.
- [x] Fetch avatars for each user.
- [x] Add avatars to users.
- [x] Edit event.
- [x] Delete event.
- [x] User event lists with created events, saved events, liked events and dance schedule.
- [x] Add eventId according to the featured event.
- [x] Show featured event on click on the corresponding event card.
- [x] Remove create button with '+' sign and replace with an explicit "Add Event" that prompts the user to log in if they are not logged in or redirects to the create event form if they are.
- [x] Add like, save, share and going actions to each event and update user properties.
- [x] Modify the create event logic to include the userId of the creator.
- [x] Add a footer.
- [x] Fetch event styles and add to datalist in the event filter.

Commit message:

feat: add skeletons for loading states

README.md, after:

# The Dance Thread

This is the prototype of The Dance Thread a social platform where dancers can find the lates information about social dance events, create and advertise their own event or simply connect with other dancers.

## To do

- [x] Edit user.
- [x] Delete user.
- [ ] Sanitize data.
- [ ] Resize images.
- [x] Add a home page explore events and create event options.
- [x] Style the header.
- [x] Add css styles for mobile version
- [x] Refactor event page to fetch all the events at once.
- [x] Cache events on client side to avoid sending the request to the server too often.
- [x] Add Skeletons for loading states.
- [ ] Optimistic updates
- [ ] Reload event components on event update.
- [ ] Add google map.
- [x] Show avatar after login.
- [ ] Handle protected routes properly.
- [ ] Prevent opening delete user and delete event at the same time.
- [x] Fetch avatars for each user.
- [x] Add avatars to users.
- [x] Edit event.
- [x] Delete event.
- [x] User event lists with created events, saved events, liked events and dance schedule.
- [x] Add eventId according to the featured event.
- [x] Show featured event on click on the corresponding event card.
- [x] Remove create button with '+' sign and replace with an explicit "Add Event" that prompts the user to log in if they are not logged in or redirects to the create event form if they are.
- [x] Add like, save, share and going actions to each event and update user properties.
- [x] Modify the create event logic to include the userId of the creator.
- [x] Add a footer.
- [x] Fetch event styles and add to datalist in the event filter.
